Now that we have our model created, we need to create or repository to interact with that model and
to interact with the database.
I'm going to create a new file here.
Called.
User repo.
And it's going to be an interface.
I'm going to add it to it.
So the first thing I'm going to do is to annotate this class with repository.
These two let's string know that these are a special class that is handles the communication with the
database and it's going to extends crude repository and this crude repository to lambda users.
It will be indexed by along.
What I'm saying here is that this is the main entity that the group repository will return and probably
the primary key of user is the long.
We define it here as the long.
That's why we put long there.
And as far as the repository is, um, is concerned, it's.
Pretty much.
It's the only other thing that we have to do.
In Spring.
Uh, in my ELF application in the main class that we have from the beginning, I am going to ask the
invitation enable JDK repositories.
This is only because we are using GBC.
So because we are using GDC, we need to ask this invitation here.
Then I will run my application.
And everything works.
So I can commit the changes and go to the next step.